Introduction
Tennis is a highly competitive sport with many stars starting at the age of 4 or 5. The sport is also notorious for having a low retirement age compared to that of other sports with most tennis players retiring before 30, though most popular tennis players retire at a much later age. With so much emphasis on age and success, our project aims to answer a simple question: does age predict success in the Top 500 tennis players. We are using the Player Stats for Top 500 Players data set from https://www.ultimatetennisstatistics.com. The data set is a .csv file containing data on the top Tennis players. For this project, we will focus solely on the variables age, current rank, current elo rank, and prize money (total earnings throughout their career). 

We have chosen to assess a player's current rank as opposed to best rank in order to reflect the age they currently are with what their ranking. Furthermore, there is a slight but important distinction between a player's rank and elo rank. Rank refers to an accumulation of points scored by a player across various different tournaments (within a 52 week time period for most tournaments). Elo rank on the other hand is a comparative ranking that gauges a player's skill against their opponents. For example, a player who competes in lower-level tournaments may have a high rank but not necessarily a high elo rank. Nevertheless, looking at both ranking systems can help us determine the skill and ultimate success of a player (just along different criteria).


Methods
First, we will clean and wrangle the data to summarize the variables of interest into a tidydata format, then we will split the data into training and data sets. We will then visualize the training data by creating three individual scatter plots with age on the x-axis and the current rank, current elo rank, or prize money each on the y-axis. These steps are illustrated above.
Afterwards, we will use Knn regression to see if age can predict values of current rank, current elo rank, and prize money. We will achieve this by using the training data set to run a cross-validation to choose the best K parameter, and train and fit the model. Then, we will use the testing data set to evaluate our model's performance.
We will then visualize the results by creating six individual visualizations (three histograms and three scatter plots) of the original data set, all with a trend line representing our model's regression predictions, and age on the x-axis and the current rank, current elo rank, or prize money each on the y-axis. The histogram will have bins distributed by age group. 

Expected Outcomes and Significance
We expect to find that players of a younger age (early to mid twenties) will have a higher current rank and current elo rank. We also predict that players of an older age will have higher prize money (total earnings throughout their career). These findings could help tennis players decide when to retire since they can assess at what age their rankings might decrease and what their total earnings would be by that age. This helps tennis players better plan their career for the future. 

Further research might include how other variables in the same data set (such as height and number of years gone professional) as well as other possible variables outside this data set (such as number of years spent training or costs spent on training) change the relationship between age and success. 
